Structural fix + added webmethods (#1237)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/webmethods-io.md

---
title: webMethods.io
icon: "c8y-icon c8y-icon-cockpit"
type: root
layout: redirect
bundle: webmethods-io
section:
  - app_development
weight: 110
---

> webMethods.io Integration is Software AG’s cloud based integration solution. It enables you to automate tasks by connecting cloud applications and services (such as Marketo, Salesforce, Evernote, and Gmail) without writing any code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
webMethods.io Integration is {{< company-sag >}}'s cloud based integration solution. It enables you to automate tasks by connecting cloud applications and services (such as Marketo, Salesforce, Evernote, and Gmail) without writing any code.
```
not sure about the shortcode here
